No notable obstacles.

Here's the pseudocode:

check if linLen is valid: if not, return 2

retCode = 0
lastPrinted = ""
for all read in words:
    if word is paragraph break
        if lastPrinted was a word portion:
            print a newline
            lastPrinted = "\n"
            currLen = 0
        
        continue

    for all word portions in word:
        if lastPrinted was a newline:
            print a newline

        calculate the number of spaces needed for lastPrinted
        if the spaces and word don't fit:
            print linLen length chunks of the string until the end
            if the current word portion's length > line length:
                retCode = 1
            set currLen to be the length of the tail portion
        else:
            print them and go on

        update lastPrinted and currLen

if we last printed a character that wasn't a paragraph break
    print a newline to conclude

return retCode

TEST CASES:

Standard test case, just a bit long.
Just testing if the general word wrap and spacing works without any funny hyphens.

INPUT:
I like to creep around my home and act like a goblin @P@
I don’t know why but I just enjoy doing this. Maybe it’s my way of dealing with stress or something but I just do it about once every week. Generally I’ll carry around a sack and creep around in a sort of crouch-walking position making goblin noises, then I’ll walk around my house and pick up various different “trinkets” and put them in my bag while saying stuff like “I’ll be having that” and laughing maniacally in my goblin voice (“trinkets” can include anything from shit I find on the ground to cutlery or other utensils). The other day I was talking with my neighbours and they mentioned hearing weird noises like what I wrote about and I was just internally screaming the entire conversation. I’m 99% sure they don’t know it’s me but god that 1% chance is seriously weighing on my mind.

linLen = 60

OUTPUT:
I like to creep around my home and act like a goblin

I don’t know why but I just enjoy doing this.  Maybe
it’s my way of dealing with stress or something but I just
do it about once every week.  Generally I’ll carry around
a sack and creep around in a sort of crouch- walking
position making goblin noises, then I’ll walk around my
house and pick up various different “trinkets” and put
them in my bag while saying stuff like “I’ll be having
that” and laughing maniacally in my goblin voice
(“trinkets” can include anything from shit I find on the
ground to cutlery or other utensils).  The other day I was
talking with my neighbours and they mentioned hearing weird
noises like what I wrote about and I was just internally
screaming the entire conversation.  I’m 99% sure they
don’t know it’s me but god that 1% chance is seriously
weighing on my mind.

A hyphen check.
Hyphens are in the beginning, middle, and end of words.

INPUT:
Why is six afraid of seven? @P@
Six hasn't been the same since he left Vietnam. He can seldom close his eyes without open-ing them a-gain at fear of Charlies lurking in the jungle -rees. Not that you could ever see the bastards, mi-nd you. They were swift, and they knew their way around the jungle like nothing else. He remembers the looks on the boys' faces as he wal-ked into that village and... oh, Je-sus. The memories seldom left him, either. Some-times he'd reminisce- - even hear - T-ex's southern drawl.

linLen = 50

OUTPUT:
Why is six afraid of seven?

Six hasn't been the same since he left Vietnam.
He can seldom close his eyes without open-ing them
a-gain at fear of Charlies lurking in the jungle -
rees.  Not that you could ever see the bastards,
mi-nd you.  They were swift, and they knew their
way around the jungle like nothing else.  He
remembers the looks on the boys' faces as he wal-
ked into that village and...  oh, Je-sus.  The
memories seldom left him, either.  Some-times he'd
reminisce- - even hear - T-ex's southern drawl.

This test case checks if the program processes
paragraph breaks and parses the words correctly.
Consecutive paragraph breaks and those at the beginning/end should do nothing.
It also checks if the program still works with a large linLen limit.

INPUT:
@P@
@P@ Is that all you crapposting fricks can say?!?
@P@ @P@
Duurrhhlll... Based, based, cringe, cringe, based, based, cringe, cringe,
cringe, based, cringe...     	I feel like I'm
		in a frickING asylum full of dementia-ridden 	old
people that can do nothing but repeat the same


FRICKING words on loop like a fricking broken record!!!
Cringe cringe cringe cringe!!!		@P@
Cringe, based, based! Onions? Onions,	SNOYY!!
Onions L. O. L. onions! Cringe, BOOMER?? Le zoomer, I am BOOMER!!!
@P@ @P@

linLen = 300

OUTPUT:
Is that all you crapposting fricks can say?!?

Duurrhhlll...  Based, based, cringe, cringe, based, based, cringe, cringe, cringe, based, cringe...  I feel like I'm in a frickING asylum full of dementia-ridden old people that can do nothing but repeat the same FRICKING words on loop like a fricking broken record!!!  Cringe cringe cringe cringe!!!

Cringe, based, based!  Onions?  Onions, SNOYY!!  Onions L.  O.  L.  onions!  Cringe, BOOMER??  Le zoomer, I am BOOMER!!!
